Remove all default 3rd party privileged plugins (#3918)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/91-migrations.md

## `next`

> - Remove `plugins/docker`, `plugins/gcr` and `plugins/ecr` from the default list of privileged plugins ([change via config](./30-administration/10-server-config.md#woodpecker_escalate)).

Author: ```suggestion
- Remove `plugins/docker`, `plugins/gcr` and `plugins/ecr` from the default list of privileged plugins ([modify the list via config if needed](./30-administration/10-server-config.md#woodpecker_escalate)).
```
